release 0.6.1 notes update (#706)
napari/docs: docs/developers/coredev/release.md

  There should be a direct link to each PR with the highlight label; these PRs will automatically be removed from the generated release notes when linked properly.
- Generate release notes with the [`generate_release_notes.py` script from napari/napari-release-tools](https://github.com/napari/napari-release-tools/blob/main/generate_release_notes.py). These release notes will be generated with `header.md` and `highlights.md` files in the `additional_notes` folder.
This includes all PRs with the given milestone, so ensure that the milestones are modified accordingly.
- Make a PR to napari/docs with the release notes, making sure to add the new document to the [napari/docs table of contents file](https://github.com/napari/docs/blob/main/docs/_toc.yml). See an example of such a PR: [https://github.com/napari/docs/pull/485](https://github.com/napari/docs/pull/485)

At this point the release manager should ideally be the only person merging PRs on the repo for the next few days before the release.

### Step 3: Making the prerelease

- Merge any remaining PRs and update release notes accordingly;
- Merge release notes;

> - Make the release candidate and announce on zulip; <-- redundant??>

Reviewer: this probably shouldn't be merged?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Push the release candidate tag;
- Check the release workflow ran correctly and the release is on PyPI;
```

Author: LOL WOOPS that wasn't supposed to be in there
